h1. The Git Textmate Bundle.

Release 1.8.0 [2009-07-31]

"James Conroy-Finn":http://github.com/jcf is the new maintainer of this bundle. If you have cloned the bundle from Tim Harper's repository, please update your git config settings to point to his repository:

<pre>
  cd ~/Library/Application\ Support/TextMate/Bundles/Git.tmbundle
  git config remote.origin.url git://github.com/jcf/git-tmbundle.git
</pre>

Thanks -- the management

h2. Installation

<pre>
  mkdir -p ~/Library/Application\ Support/TextMate/Bundles
  cd ~/Library/Application\ Support/TextMate/Bundles
  git clone git://github.com/jcf/git-tmbundle Git.tmbundle
</pre>

* In the TextMate preferences, advanced tab, shell variables, set the TM_GIT variable to point to your installation of git (ie <code>/usr/local/bin/git</code>)
* Many shortcuts are available from the Git-shortcut (Ctrl-Shift-G).  Subversion commands are Command-Option-g.  Less frequent commands are accessed via the menu.
* Update your bundle by running the "Update Git Bundle" command.

h2. Support

* "Issue tracker":http://github.com/jcf/git-tmbundle/issues
* "Repository":http://github.com/jcf/git-tmbundle

The "Mailing list":http://groups.google.com/group/git-tmbundle has now been closed. Please feel free to report issues using the "Issue tracker":http://github.com/jcf/git-tmbundle/issues.

h2. Who:

h3. Maintainer, Lead Developer:

* January 2010 - present: "James Conroy-Finn":http://jamesconroyfinn.com/

h3. Previous Maintainers

* January 2008 - December 2009: "Tim Harper":http://tim.theenchanter.com/ (with "Lead Media Partners":http://leadmediapartners.com).

h2. Git-tmbundle superstars

The Git TextMate Bundle wouldn't be possible without the contributions of the following fine gentlemen:

h3. Major Contributions

* <b>Allan Odgaard</b> - Started the bundle, got it rolling. Many patches. Oh, and TextMate :-).
* <b>Sam Granieri</b> - GitK, Many of the git-svn commands, Git initialize repository command, menu layouting, create-tag.
* <b>Johan S&oslash;rensen</b> - Contributing the CSS styling.

h3. Patches, etc

* <b>Tommi Asiala</b> - README file submission
* <b>Lawrence Pit</b> - Performance Enhancements
* <b>Jay Soffian</b> - Bug report with patch (missing environment variables)
* <b>Humberto Di&oacute;genes</b> - Git-svn fetch command
* <b>Lee Marlow</b>
* <b>Geoff Cheshire</b> - Textile'd the README to make it look good on GitHub
* <b>Martin Kühl</b> - Patch to allow committing into a git repository that's not the project root
* <b>Diego Barros</b> - new config options, usability improvements
* <b>Thomas Aylott</b> - Git commit language folding
* <b>Michael Sheets</b> - Usability improvements
* <b>Henrik Nyh</b> - Git 1.6 commit message compatibility and spelling corrections
* <b>Slava Kravchenko</b> - Ruby 1.9 compatibility

Please feel free to send a pull request if you've added any functionality to this bundle that you think the rest of the git-loving, TextMate-using world would appreciate!
